keen on
I'm keen on football

He's proud of his son
tired of
She's really tried of this mess

I'm really excited about this trip to America

crazy about / mad about
He's crazy about football

happy for someone / glad for someone
I'm very happy for you
I'm very glad for you

The city is famous for its numerous skyscrapers which almost reach the sky

He's really excited about this opportunity

happy about something
She feels really happy about her progress

She is really happy about her progress

I'm really excited about your offer

satisfied with
I feel satisfied with my results

disappointed about / with / by / at

She is really disappointed about this purchase

I'm really happy about it

typical of
It's typical of Americans

He's really crazy about baseball

She is keen on music

Are you really tired of it?

I'm not tired

Are you happy about it?

She is crazy about him

I'm proud of myself

I'm tired just a bit

He's really happy about his results

Are you satisfied with your result

Why are you so disappointed?

Do you feel satisfied with your result?

Why were you so disappointed?

She's crazy about this singer

I was very disappointed about my results

This behavior isn't typical of him

Were you really disappointed about it?

Why are you so tired?

She is very keen on tennis

I'm not interested in it

She's really crazy about music

He is keen on football

It's very typical of him

I was really disappointed about this decision

Are you satisfied with your results?

I was very disappointed about it

surprised by / at

Was he surprised by her reaction

I'm really happy for you

I'm really disappointed about this purchase

different from
He is very different from his brother

He is fully satisfied with the quality of this product

Obviously she was very disappointed by the results of the competition

It's obvious that

Most people say that American English differs from British English only a little 

The city is famous for its nightlife

Are you interested in chess?

He was really surprised by her reaction

I was surprised by this news

They were all shocked by the news

Obviously, he was very disappointed

He says that he's really proud of himself

The city is famous for its museums and theatres

I was biterly disappointed

He's keen on playing the guitar

I'm fully satisfied with my result

I was really shocked by her words

I was bitterly disappointed about it

They were very disappointed with my results

Why was he so disappointed about it

The university is famous for the quality of education

This university was famous for its history

This city is famous for museums and theatres

Unfortunately, I'm very bad at playing the guitar

I know that I'm very bad at playing tennis

Unfortunately, I'm not so good at playing the guitar

I'm quite satisfied with the result of this exam

I'm fully satisfied with my results

Are you satisfied with the result of this test?

It's very typical of people of her generation

It isn't typical of him

Is this behavior typical of her?

The city is famous for its old castle

That woman is very famous for her talent

This city is famous for its nature

Are you shocked by this news?

I wasn't shocked by this news at all

This news is shocked me so much

I'm excited about that party

He's really excited about your offer

Was he excited about the party?

Is American English different from British English?

Do these two languages differ from each other?

British English differs from American English

We were all shocked by his sudden death

I'm very shocked by his early death

They are shocked by your decision

I'm very happy about this news

I'm very excited about this news

He was biterly disappointed about the results of this test

Some people say that American English differs from British English only a bit

Everyone was shocked by that accident

Are you interested in chess?

Are you interested in playing the guitar?

Are you keen on plyaing the guitar?

The city is famous for its nightclubs

I'm afraid of nothing

I'm not afraid of anything


We all know that England is famous for its rainy wheater

I was biterly disappointed about my results

We were shocked by her words

I'm afraid of nothing

I'm not afraid of anything

I'm satisfied with the results of the test

I was really surprised to hear it

This city is famous for its history








