Past Continuous, прошедшее продолженное время

I/He/She/It + was + verb + ing + ...

I was waiting for him with impatience

We/You/They + were + verb + ing + ...

They were lying on the beach

When + subject + was/were + verb + ing + ..., + subject +
was/were + verb+ing

When she was listening to music, I was trying to concentrate

Subject + was/were + verb + ing
+ ... + yesterday + at two o'clock in the
afternoon

I was checking my email yesterday at two o'clock in the afternoon

When I was watching this video, he called me

Subject + was/were + verb + ing + all day

It's snowing all day

When she came home, he was doing his homework

It's a long action

I was reading articles on different topics

She wasn't sleeping, when he came back home

I did it / I was doing it

When she called him, he was driving a car

It was raining heavily while we were playing inside the building

I met her while I was studying at university

He called me while we were having dinner

When the teacher arrived, he was writing a summary

I was waiting for your answer

They were drinking tea, when I arrived

I was preparing for the exam all day

I was talking to my boss yesterday at four o'clock

When I got up, the sun was shining

It was getting really dark

I was reading one very interesting book

I was learning English all day

It was getting late
It was becomming late

I'm still thinking about it

I was still thinking about it

The sun was shining very brightly

I was waiting for her call all day

While I was reading a book, she was watching a movie

When I saw her, she was retelling that story

They were arguing, when I entered the room

I was waiting for your call

My English was getting better and better

She was staying at home all day yesterday

I was talking to her when he saw me

It was raining at seven o'clock in the morning yesterday
It was raining at seven a.m. yesterday

He was walking home when the accident happened

When the phone rang, I was checking my email

I was still considering that opportunity

I wasn't sleeping, when she called you

The sun was shining and the birds were singing

I was learning English all day yesterday

It was getting darker and darker

It was snowing yesterday at 8 p.m. 
8 p.m. === 8 o'clock in the evening

I was waiting for your message

What were you doing all day yesterday?

The sun was shining very brightly, when I woke up

I was preparing for the test all evening

She fell and hurt her arm, when she was skateboarding

While I was staying at home, I heard a strange noise

He hurt his leg while he was rollerblading

I was answering an important email, when he interrupted me

When the teacher was explaining it, all the students were listening
to him with full concentration

It was snowing heavily all day yesterday

When she was explaining it, the students weren't listening to her

When he came home, the children were doing their homework

When the teacher entered the classroom, the students were doing those
exercises

When she was lying in bed, she fell asleep

What were you doing yesterday at 8 p.m.

I fell asleep, when I was reading a book

My head was aching because everyone was shouting very loudly

While he was jogging, it started raining

He fell while he was snowboarding

It was raining all day yesterday

It's raining now

It was snowing all day yesterday

When we were riding a bike, it started raining
When we were cycling, it started raining

When we were jogging, it started snowing

While we were riding a bike, it started raining

His wife was waiting for him when he got off the plane

His wife was waiting for him when his plane landed

I was waiting for you when you got off the plane

What were you doing at 5 o'clock yesterday

What are doing now?

What was he doing at 6 o'clock yesterday

I was rollerblading in the park with my friend

I was walking in the park with my friend

I was talking to my friend in the park

I was doing physical exercises yesterday from three to five

He was doing his homework yesterday from three to five

I was lying in bed yesterday from three to five

The kids were playing outside all day

The kids are playing outside at the moment

The kids were playing at home all day

Were you having dinner when he came to you?

Are you having dinner now?

Were you taking a bath, when she came to you?

It's snowing now

What were you doing when she called you?

What are you doing at the moment?

What were you doing when she came to you

It was raining heavily all day yesterday

He broke his ankle while he was snowboarding

My friend was waiting for me when I got off the train

His head was aching because everyone was shouting

When she was explaining, no one was listening to her

I was reading an English book while she was reading something on YouTube

What were you doing when he entered the room?

I went home earlier because it was raining

What were you doing when she came home?

I was waiting for the next lessons with impatience

What was he doing yesterday at 3 o'clock

It started raining when I was walking in the park

When he was saying it, no one was listening to him

I was reading a book in English while she was cooking

He broke his leg while he was skiing

