Present Perfect, настоящее совершенное время

I/We/You/They + have + just/already + v3 + ...
We've already met

He/She/It + has + just/already + v3 + ...
He has just watched this movie

I've already got your letter

He's just read this book

I've already understood you

I've just understood it

I've just finished my homework

We've already watched this movie

I/We/You/They + haven't + v3 + ... yet

I haven't got your parcel yet
I haven't received your parcel yet

He/She/It + hasn't + v3 + ... yet
She hasn't cooked dinner yet

Have + I/we/you/they + ever + v3 + ...

Has he/she/it + ever + v3 verb + ...
Has he ever been to Canada?

I've been to this city many times

I haven't been there yet

He has graduated school this year
He has finished school this year

We have just visited this castle

I've visited that museum this week

I've already resereved a table at the local restaurant

I've just known it

I've never been to China

I've just finished my project

We have already met

I've just understood it

He has been to Malta

The patient has just recovered

I have been to England three times

He has just graduated from university and got a diploma

I've seen it so many times

I've been abroad

I've visited New York several times

The show has just started

She hasn't returned from school yet

I've already been there

Have you ever been abroad?

Have you ever been to this country?

I have watched this movie many times

I've already done it

I've already ironed my suit

I have been to Canada

I've been to England

I've already booked the tickets

The patient has already recovered

Have you ever been to this city?

She has called me this week

I've just called him

He has already booked a table in a local cafe

I've been to the United States twice

Have you ever thought about it?

She has graduated couledge this year

He has just confirmed our meeting

She has just ironed the shirts

I've always wanted to have my own business

He has always wanted to have a big family

I have been to England but I haven't been to the United States yet

He has always wanted to become a scientist

I've always wanted to be able to speak English

I have known him for about ten years

She has lost her bag. She can't find it

I can't find my keys. I think I've lost them

She has never been to the United States

There is a connection with the present
I've lost my wallet. I can't find it

I've never been to Japan

I've always wanted to become a real expert in this area

Have you ever been to England?

I've just finished working on this project

Have you ever been to an English speaking country?

He has always wanted to become an entrepreneur

He has never wanted to become an entrepreneur

He has always wanted to become an engineer

I've never been to Los Angeles

I have never been to the United States

He has never been to England

He has bad news. He has lost his job

I have bad news. I have lost my job

She has very bad news. She has lost her job

Have you ever heard about it?

Have you ever been there?

Have you ever heard this information?

Have you ever watched this movie?

I've never watched this movie

Has she ever watched this video?

I haven't seen him since last year

I haven't seen her since last month

I haven't seen you since last year

I haven't got your email yet

I've already received your email

I haven't received your parcel yet

I have just finished writing this report

I have just started writing this report

I've just finished writing a letter to you

He has never been to an English speaking country

Have you ever been to an English speaking country?

We have known each other sience childhood

We have known each other since last year

They have known each other since childhood

I've always wanted to know English

Have you ever flown on a plane?

Have you already got tired?

Have you ever read this book?

She's always wanted to become a superstar

Have you ever been interested in business

We have known each other for two years

The program hasn't started yet

He can't go to the mountains with you. He has hurt his leg

Have you ever ridden a horse?

I've never been to England

I've always wanted to do it

Have you ever driven a car?

Have you ever ridden a cammel?


