Present Perfect Past Simple, difference

When + ...
When did he arrive?

... + yesterday
I watched new movie yesterday
I saw a new movie yesterday

He's/She's/It's + v3 + ...

She's lost her keys so she can't get into her apartement

have/has + v3
I've got my present so I'm happy
I've received my present so I'm happy

I've just finished my work

We've already watched this video

When did you go there?

He has lived to England from 1991 to 1998

Have you ever been to this island?

Have you ever tasted sushi?

The receptionist has always contacted me

She has been to this city many times

The program started two hours ago

Were you in India last year?

I've never played golf in my life

I've never been to Spain

I've just contacted the receptionist

Have you already arrived in France?

He was in Italy last year

Have you ever bought a very cheap laptop?

My father had lots of work last week

Have you seen him this month?

Have you ever eaten this food?

Did he sleep well last night?

I've already read this book

I saw an excellent movie yesterday
I saw a great movie yesterday

When did you hear this news?

I've just contacted the staff

Have you ever won the lottery?

When did he know it?

When did you come back?

I've just contacted the manager

When did you arrive?

She finished her work two hours ago

Have you already seen this movie?

Have you been to India?

Did he work yesterday?

She has just finished her work

The lesson began a minute ago

Have you seen her this morning?

He ate suchi the day before yesterday

He bought his first car in 2015

The lesson has already begun

When were you in this place last time?

He has been to Italy twice

Did you see him last month?

I finished reading this book yesterday

She has lost her keys so she can't get into her apartment

I've never been to this country but my big dream is to visit it one day
I've never been to this country but it's my big dream to visit it one day

He didn't earn much last year but he has earned a lot this year

I wanted to go to this shop yesterday but it was closed

The weather was really awful last weekend

He has lost his wallet and he can't pay for it

I have lost my wallet and I don't have money to pay for it

I've never been to the United States but it's my dream to visit this country

I haven't reached the next level yet but I think that I will do it quite soon

It didn't rain last week

We have already met a couple of times

I haven't seen her since last week

His car has broken down. He can't drive home

I never met her when I studied at university

It has rained this week

It has snowed this week

It rained last night

I haven't seen my groupmates for two years

I haven't been there for two years

I haven't seen him since childhood

I haven't finished doing these exercises yet

I haven't finished doing my homework yet

She hasn't finished cooking yet

She has had a lot of work these days

She has had so much work these days

She worked so much yesterday

I have lost the keys and I don't know what to do

I have lost my patience and I don't know how to cope with it

I lost the keys and I don't know where to find them

I've lost the keys and I can't get into my house
I've lost the keys so I can't enter my house

I've lost my money and I don't know what to do

She has lost her keys and she can't open her car

I have had a lot of work this week

I have had so much work this month

I had lots of work yesterday

I lost my wallet last week and I didn't have money to pay for it

He lost his wallet last week and he didn't have money to pay for her

I haven't been there since childhood

I haven't been to this place since 2000

I've never been here

What have you just told me?

Who has just told it to me?

What have you just said?

They have moved into this house this year

It hasn't rained this week

I lived there when I was a child

Have you ever tasted this food?

I lost my keys yesterday and it was really terrible

I haven't been to the USA yet

He lived in a small town when he was a kid

I saw her with this guy last night

I haven't seen my classmates for about a year

She won the lottery last year

He left a few minutes ago

I have never met her

They moved into this house in 2019

It rained last week

