8 Main Tenses Revision and Comparison

1. Simple
Present Simple
Past Simple
Future Simple

2. Continuous
Present Continuous
Future Continuous

3. Perfect
Present Perfect
Past Perfect

4. Perfect Continuous
Present Perfect Continuous

I have been learning English for a year

I am going to the office now

How long have you been learning Spanish?

When she gave him a present he smiled at her and said "Thanks"

He comes to the office at 9 o'clock every morning

My friend and I are talking about it now

When I saw him, he was exlaining something to her

He can't go for a walk because he is doing his homework now

When she entered the room, the kids were playing

When she opened the door, she said "Welcome"

He will stay in bed tomorrow, because he is ill

When does your brother usually go to bed?

I will lie in bed tomorrow, because I'm ill

I have been working here for two month

When I saw him, she was explaining something to him

She is 10 but she will be 11 next week

I want to do it right now

He was waiting for his approval

When he saw me, he said "Hello"

When I saw him, I said "Hello"

When I said "Goodbye", he told me "Bye"

They were waiting for his approval all day

When will she visit her parents?

I was talking to him yesterday at 6

When did it happen?

My friend usually eats it for lunch

I really understand it now

When he came back home, the kids were playing

Everything seems so easy now

Does he go to work by car

When she saw me, she said "Hi"

Are you driving now?

He passed his last exam last week

When were you in the zoo last time?

What was he doing all day yesterday?

My friend is eating it now

Look! The bridge is opening

Have you ever been to this place?

How long has he been staying here?

We have known each other for a very long time

They have been waiting for it for so long

I have been here since last week

The sun was shining very brightly and the birds were singing

We were lying on the beach. Time was passing very slowly

While they were sitting on the floor, they were talking about something

I haven't seen him for many years

What hasn't been done yet?

I've already visited this place

How long have you wanted to do it?

What will you do if she refuses to say it?

No one knows about it

Does everyone agree?

He has never been to Japan

Have you ever been to Japan?

I haven't been to Japan yet

I never went to that place when I lived there

I never visited this place when I lived here

I often went to that place when I lived there

They were talking and talking

They are talking to each other now

They were talking very loudly

I will let you know as soon as she comes home

I will tell you as soon as she comes home

I will help her as soon as she comes home

Have you already finished watching this movie?

Have you already finished doing your homework?

I have already finished watching this movie

I never thought about it when I was a child

I never thought about it when I was young

I never did it when I was a child

What hasn't been mentioned yet?

It hasn't been mentioned yet

I have just got a call from her

I have just missed some calls

I have just received a letter from her

How long has she been dating him

