9 Main Tenses Revision and Comparison 2

Simple
1. Present Simple
2. Past Simple
3. Future Simple

Continuous
4. Present Continuous
5. Past Continuous
6. Future Continuous

Perfect
7. Present Perfect
8. Past Perfect

Perfect Continuous
9. Present Perfect Continuous

My friend usually goes for a walk in the evening

He came home a minute ago

The soup was too salty

He was very disappointed because they had lost

What was on the menu?

They have been living in this city for twenty years

I have been to this city many times

The museum is closed on Fridays

I was having dinner when he called me

When she came home, she cooked a fruit salad

When I opened the door, I saw that it was raining

This time tomorrow I will be swimming in the ocean

No, I have never been here

I will call you as soon as I finish it

I was walking in the park when it started raining

They bought a washing machine on credit

I am thinking about it at the moment

I have just finished this project

I know it now

When did you lose it?

He has been learning English for three years

I was in this city two days ago

The host welcomed the guests

He has just come home

He was walking in the forest when it started snowing

I will tell you my opinion after that I read this article

Yes, it was a very difficult choice for all of us

What was for dessert?

If I find a better job, I will be very happy

I visited her last week

I am watching a new series now

What will be for dessert?

He met his wife when he worked there

If my sister doesn't arrive soon, I will call her

Have you already finished your homework

What is for dessert?

I have visited her this week

What is on the menu tonight?

The plane will take off soon

What were you doing when he entered?

Listening to the radio in English seems very useful

She said that she had bought a very fashionable red dress

He won't earn enogh money if he doesn't find a more well-paid job

I passed the exam, because I had studied very hard

She has never been to Spain but she wants to visit this country one day

The students weren't listening when the teacher was explaining a new topic

When I came home, she had already cooked the soup

The man was sent to prison because he had commited a crime

They weren't discussing anything serious when I came to the meeting

He can't answer now because he is taking a shower

I was living in a country house all summer

He said that they had bought it on credit

She was listening to that program while she was cooking a salad

Doing these exercises helps me with my English

I have never been to the United States but I want to go there one day

Have you ever been to the United States?

I have never been to England but I dream about going there someday

Everyone was sleeping when the fire began

They weren't sleeping, when the fire began

Everyone was sleeping when it started

He will call me when he arrives at the airport

He will call him when he comes home

He will help me when he comes home

She sometimes thinks about creating her own blog

She didn't think about creating her own blog

Does she think about creating her own blog

The shop was closed so we went to another place

The shop is closed so we will go to another place

That museum was closed so we went to another one

The fire was burning very brightly

The fire is burning so brightly now

The sun was shining very brightly

You can turn off the radio. No one is listening to it

Don't turn off the radio! We are listening to it

Can you turn off the radio? No one is listening to it

Learning English seems so interesting

Learning English seemed very interesting

Playing football seems so interesting

What were you doing yesterday at 6 o'clock in the evening

What are you doing at the moment?

I was sleeping yesterday at 6 o'clock in the morning

I am extremely exhausted because I have been working all day

I'm really tired because I have been working a lot for the last two days

He is exhausted because he has been working all day

He has been living in this city for ten years

He passed the test because he had prepared for it very throughly

He feels extremely tired because he has been working all day

I haven't seen my groupmates since I graduated from university

If the weather doesn't change, I will stay at home

He was sure that he had passed the exam

He won't be able to buy a new house if he doesn't sell his old apartment

When I opened my eyes, the sun was shining very brightly

She said that she had bought a new dress

While she was sleeping, he was writing a report

We will go home if it rains

She has been online all day

I think it will rain tomorrow

If the weather improves, we will go for a walk

He is thinking about creating his own blog now